docs: more Svelte 5 conversion (#12871)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/98-reference/26-$lib.md

title: $lib
---

> As a convenience, SvelteKit makes imports from `src/lib` (if you didn't adjust it in your [config file](configuration#files)) available via the `$lib` alias.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SvelteKit automatically makes files under `src/lib` available using the `$lib` import alias. You can change which directory this alias points to in your [config file](configuration#files).
```

This maybe makes it a bit clearer?
